I don't have like the best reputation
with the fanbase so I'm not super
surprised I kind of stopped me from like
reading anything involving us on reddit
just because it's you know not good for
you know your mental health
well it's week three here at the NA LCS
with coverage presented by Omni slash
I'm joined right now by solo from clutch
gaming and you know solo unfortunate
loss for you guys but you did look at
and the very beginning of that game and
I kind of want you to just take me
through you know what what happened and
unfortunately what led to the loss I
mean I felt like we played a little slow
in the beginning we were just kind of
feeling it out and we had like a really
proactive comp we have Jarvan Gallio so
we can start fights whenever and we got
pretty fortunate with top flight we got
like a good lead and good snowball going
and then I think we were just like a
little bit too fast on the second baron
and kind of got punished for it and then
it's really hard to come back forces
like hundred thieves with their
late-game they got really good team
fighting so is that do you think it's
just an issue of understanding the tempo
of a game in general for you guys or you
know what what is you know what we saw
today is that part of the bigger problem
with clutch I don't know if it's a
problem it's just taking time for us to
mesh so I think a game like this you
know we have trouble with clothes
closing but you know give us a couple
more weeks a couple more weeks and you
know we'll close these out easy
how are things going behind the scenes
because I do feel like some of the teams
that have slower start are starting to
really level up and become more of a
threat and we're seeing more competitive
games so specifically with clutch how
are things sort of developing behind the
scenes I feel like we're you know
keeping pace with all the other teams
and like we can compete against anyone
obviously some people had like a little
bit better starts but I don't think that
matter by the time we get to the end of
season and come playoffs I think we'll
be able to beat anything if you don't
mind the blunt question I'm very curious
because whenever people were looking at
clutch and trying to rate you know how
to push them in the rankings a lot of
people were like so low I don't know
about the solo
like as some people were like Oh they've
got a better or worse person in that
position than Envy did and and you were
seemingly like a pretty big factor and
the conversations first off did you
catch any that stuff did it affect you
and and kind of what do you think of all
of it um I kind of expected that to be
the case
III don't have like the best reputation
with the fan base so I'm not super
surprised I kind of stopped me from like
reading anything involving us on Reddit
just because it's you know not good for
you know your mental health but I mean
at the other day I just have to do the
best I can and my teammates trust me and
my coaching staff trusts me so I'm just
gonna do the best I can and then take it
from there
what's your relationship like with the
rest of the players and sort of what's
the vibe on clutch because you know
we've we've heard a lot about sort of
how things are going with the other
teams I'm kind of curious like what's up
personality and attitude of the team I
mean we're all like really easygoing
guys and I mean we're all really funny
everyone gets along grades and that
makes it easy to like have discussions
over difficult games like this one right
for for you I one of the fun things was
watching that game I was out I had to go
into the stands to actually film
something else but I randomly ended up
sitting next to I believe your parents
right at least your mom so first off I
didn't know so it sounds like you're
your mom comes out every week and
supports you and lives nearby right yeah
my parents live in Pasadena so they're
already like really close to the studio
and they're like super fans of me
obviously and yeah they're my number one
fans and they go to the stands and like
cheer for me every weekend and it's like
really awesome to have that kind of like
support system especially so close I
mean it's fun because like the games
going on and I'm sure I don't know if
you know this but she's like sitting
there cheering and it's like yeah let's
hit it let's do it let's do it she like
every time the kill comes in or you guys
start doing so good stuff she obviously
understood what was happening to some
extent was excited about it for you I
didn't actually read sue urine le native
or did they move here recently or how'd
this all happen well I'm from Joshua
Tree but alright my parents are as well
but in the last few years they've got an
apartment in Pasadena since it's closer
for my father's work so they've been
living here for about five years now
and so it just kind of worked out really
well
do you I mean some of the pro players
have like had to move here from you know
all over the place the Midwest or the
east coast do you think it hasn't made
it easier just kind of like living
because for me I'm also from Southern
California has it been do you think it's
been easier for you or has to be an
effect actually staying in the same area
that you kind of grew up in yeah I mean
it makes it like the yeah it makes
everything easier like I get to see my
parents every week I get to you know
reset and go home if I want to so you
know there's always that support system
that's like right at your fingertips so
I'm very fortunate in that way that a
lot of players have to travel so far to
play well is there anything here at the
end of a new interview that you want to
say to any of the clutch fans or LCS
fans out there I mean thank you for you
know cheering us on and we look forward
to putting on you know great
performances for you guys thank you so
much for the interview and best of luck
tomorrow as we we see you come back on
to the stage for everyone else you can
check out the rest of my coverage of all
things LCS right here on my youtube
channel everyone hope you enjoyed that
interview you should be very happy not a
mediocre Team Liquid interview I do so
many of those that he was so boring I
just whatever and so if you'd like to
see more interviews
brought to you by Omni slash you can do
that right here on my youtube channel